On our offers page where I output my offer item India from which we manage and HERE READ NOW OUR DATE
IS HARD.
IT'S JUST dummy date which were all raised.
Returning gets dummy date because we're not really using our place and here our place data now that
can change of course.
A place of course has a date in our application now and therefore here instead of get timely data we
can just use place as we use it for our data like the title too.
Excuse me it's called offer and there we have a way Little from which as formidable as a date.
And we have a whale Q and A with this simple change will lose the place we lost.
Edit because again it's only managed in memory but now we're displaying the right dates here at least.
The more interesting part that I want to focus on instead loading spinner for dead I will simulate that
creation off that place takes a little bit longer.
So when we add a place here of course right now everything happens instantly because it happens in memory
only.
Now let's simply fake that it takes a bit longer by adding set time out here inside of that function
where we get our current list of places in the place a service.
Let's wait for one second and execute this code inside of the function that fires after this one second
so same logic as before but the creation takes a bit longer and later this will be more realistic once
we add a real age to DP network request.
Now if I enter any data here doesn't really matter just any data.
As noted we can add this as a new place we see it occur here after one second.
Of course not bad but not ideal or maybe not what we want.
You learned what you can do in such cases because we're already doing it on the off page.
You just learned that this is actually something I like to call you I state because it only affects
this page.
The same would be the case just as a side note for is log in on the off page.
This affects what we display on the off page.
What our button says.
What's in the title ends on does not affect other parts of the app.
Now we need a similar.
You will I'd state thing on the new offer page here when we're trading on you offer.
I want to show some loading spinner or maybe the same loading overlay as I'm showing it on my off page.
We can of course use the same approach day for in the new offer page.
I will inject a news service and that will be the loader controller which is the loading controller.
Maybe we should name the property loading controller too then though that does not matter and loading
controller is imported from at a ionic angular.
Now with that inject it here and on create offer of course before we call at plays we can do this.
Loading controller create until a message creating plays for example
and then this gives us a promise we get our loading element and in this function here I want to use
that loading element to present it so to show it on the screen.
Now we just need to know when to hide it.
And that of course should be the case once to places.
Edit now to know about that and the place a service when I have at place we can simply return because
it's a bit different than in the off page and you off page.
I managed is loading as a prop. because I set my time out in here.
Now that time out or departs that takes longer isn't a different file it's in the place service so to
know when this is done.
I want somebody you return this year and I will actually not subscribe in here because that will consume
your observable here.
Instead I will add a new operator the tap operator which is imported from our extra as operators.
Here it is and that allows us to execute some action in this observable operator chain that will not
change today to we're passing through the chain but that will also not complete the observable subscribe
on the other hand will complete it.
So if I want to tap into the observable from a of place that will not be possible after subscribe and
since I want to tap into it from inside my new offer page and I want to return the observable here I
therefore have to get rid of subscribe here and run that code instead of the function you pass to tap
your tap will in my case here receive the places that does not change.
So we get the same data we would get in the subscribe function but it will not stop the observable.
So we still execute that code but now we return to full observable here and they are 4 in our offers.
Excuse me in our new offer page here.
This places service at place now gives us an observable to which we can subscribe.
And I'm only interested in when this fire is because this means we're done because when I'm done here
then I will reset my form and navigate because then I'll alter the list dismissed as loading element
where it is I need to move dead entire logic into this then block where a half does loading element
so didn't the subscriber block I can actually dismissed it.
Now this logic almost works but it has one flaw this time out here will not block or delay the completion
of the observable.
It will execute as often as timeout but subscribe will be called or the function we pass to subscribe
will be called even before this is done.
And what can we do.
Thankfully there is a delay operator which we can use to fake this delay is all they imported from our
x j as operators and delay can be added here and we added delay in milliseconds like 1000 and therefore
we can now get rid of set time out here because now the entire observable chain will essentially pause
for one second.
So we have the same effect as before but now on the whole observable net for now when we add a new place
so I go here we add this place
just like this.
Now you see we have the nice loading spinner before we enter this page again using that observable magic
which can be intimidating at the beginning I know but which really isn't that hard.
It's just a nice way of funneling data through a chain of steps and making sure that one step executes
after another.
And therefore this is now another way of managing our local UI state.
You could say we're managing it not directly in this component not through a property at least.
But we do manage it in our new offer a component when it comes to manipulating the UI and when it comes
to defining when to do what we present are a loading element here when we start sending the data we
clear it here.
Once we're done with it.
So we manage that state in this component and not somewhere else.
Now of course you can discuss where exactly that state forward in you all four pages managed is it here
and the new all four page or since the data actually is handled in the play service is the state managed
there.
I'll argue both is the case but what happens on this page that we showed a loading spinner and that
the conditions for when we show it in my opinion clearly is only managed here.
The more important takeaway is that we do both here.
We do save our place data and we also change something here on the UI.
Until that saving process is done.